


Jess, you look gorgeous! I can't believe this day is finally here. 
I'm at my favorite place marrying my best friend. 
And I honestly don't think I could I be any happier.

I remember back to our first days skiing together and how right it felt to have you in the car. 
You were new to Colorado and I was happy to see an old friend. 
You fit right in and instantly became part of the crew. 
We had lots of long days sitting in traffic, skiing powder, and celebrating all the good times.

After a while your travel assignment was up and you were off to California. 
I didn't want to see you leave but I was so excited about the times we had and hoped you would come back. 

When you came back the next winter for another assignment I was overwhelmed with excitement.
We began skiing together again and had so many fun nights out in Denver. 
Over the next few months you became my best friend and I fell in love with you. 

Watching you head off to your next assignment in Chicago was tough for me. 
But the distance actually grew our relationship and lead to awesome times going out in Chicago, going to a Cubs game, and exploring the city together. 

When you landed a contract back in Denver I was ecstatic. 
Next thing I knew we were living together and getting adjusted couple life :)

I'm not sure when but I remember getting a wild idea about buying a van and traveling together.
Moving in together and then moving into a van together was definetly a test but it grew our relaionship in an amazing way. 
Having you as a vanlife partner was more than I could have ever hoped for. 
You will forever be my favorite road trip partner. 
I love exploring new national parks, ski resorts, and cities with you. 
Driving up to Alaska and back together was truely a dream come true. 
Your passion for adventure fuels our relationship. 
And we have already made more incredible memories than I could have ever imagined.


I promise to always be by your side. Through the hard times and the good times.
I will always be there for you no matter what.
I vow to be a faithful husband and love you with all my heart for the rest of my life. 


I am so excited for our future adventures.
You are my best friend and my everything. 
I love you today and forever.

I wanna live with you even when we're ghosts
